K soon is video we're going to be looking at limiting the number of writers with turned in our results
from our select statements.
So here I've selected stuff from customers and it's returned all the rows of data in our customers table
as you would expect.
So we have 24 writers.
But let's say we just wanted to return five years of data from the Customers table.
What to do this we can use that limit statement so we can get into a select statement where you can
type select stuff from customers and then on the next line we can type limits 5 say limit followed by
the number of rows you want returns from your select statement.
And if we run this now we can see it's just returned five days of data series returns the five rows
where ID is equal to 1 2 3 4 5.
So that's how we limit the number of rows in a select statement and we can also apply an offset to this
limit.
So let's say we didn't warn the 5 raise type and where ID is equal to 1 2 3 4 5.
But we wanted Id 6 7 8 9 10 what to do that after the limit 5 we can type offset 5 and run that statement
and you see now that it returns the IDs for ID 6 7 8 9 and 10.
So this is how we apply limit sun offsets to those limits when we're selecting from tables and we can
use any numbers we like in the limit and the offset so we can type limit 10 offset 5 and return customers
with ID 6 3 15.
Now we can also add an ORDER BY statement in our select statement.
So let's say we wanted the first 10 customers alphabetically by last name.
We can come in to us stateman we can remove the offset because we just won the first 10.
And on the next line after our select start from customers we can type order by last name and have a
limit of 10 and you can see it's no longer ordered by ID but is order by last name so we have the two
nos like before.
And then we have Armstrong the blue box and then Portmans.
So that's how we return the first 10 rares ordered by a column.
So order by last name in this case.
So this is how we limit the number of rows returned in a select statement.
We use limit followed by the number of rows you want returned and then we can also apply an offset.
If you don't win the first number of rows returned.
OK so that's it for this video.